# RimworldModListSharing
A webpage for sharing your own modlists for Rimworld. Currently hosted at https://sharemods.jacobrr.me/.
It takes modlist xml files generated by Fluffys' mod Manager and creates a simple visualization with links to search for each of the mods in Steam. 
It retains mod order for easy replication in other computers. It is still pretty simple and rudimentary, but the bare minimum is working now I think. 

## Architecture
It is a simple ASPNET Core MVC app, which currently connects to a PostgreSQL database which contains the data. Can be run in a container(s), as a systemd service or however it is useful.
Cuerrrently is running at my VPS in a docker container and conencting to a local instance of Postgres.

## Running it yourself
### Preparation
You have to have an instance of postgres running already and a user with admin privileges which would create the database. This can be a local instance, in a docker or an external connection, just make sure you can actually connect from the computer/container first.
You also probably need the `dotnet ef` global tool to run the migrations. When you are ready to run them, just do:
```sh
cd RimworldPage
dotnet ef database update
```
The user and password of the database are required at this moment.

After that the database is ready to be used. It is recommended to use another user which will be used bby the running application and which ideally has less privileges(Only read and write in the Rimworld database)

### Actually running it
You can simply do: 
```
dotnet run
```
And get a development version of the app running, don't forget to set the `local` connection string and the `dbPassword` password in either the `apppsettings` file or by using enviroment variables such as `ConnectionStrings__local` and `dbPassword`. 
If you have an error with this configuration, the application will probably start but run into errors at the first interaction.

And that's all. Should be running smoothly know (Or at least after a couple of request in which the JIT warms up)

# Future

Any suggestions and patches are always welcome! I should probably get it to work with the default rimworld modlist file so the user does not require Mod Manager, but I think that is low priority.
